These are the terms of use for the Algomats project ("The Platform And Services"). You agree to these terms by purchasing any Algomats NFTs. 
These Terms were last updated on 11/20/2021. We may change these terms in the future.
You: (A) Acknowledge That You Have Read And Understand This Agreement; (B) Represent That You Are 18 Years Of Age Or Older; And (C) Accept This Agreement. If You Do Not Agree To These Terms, You Must Discontinue Your Access To And Use Of The Platform And Services.   
Algomats are fun and creative non-fungible tokens (“NFT”) that identify a unique Algomats digital artwork (each, an “Algo Mat,” and each such NFT, a “Algomats NFT”). The NFTs are for entertainment purposes only as artwork and collectables. Users are entirely responsible for the safety and management of their own private Algorand wallets and validating all transactions.  Use of the NFTs or website is at the user’s own risk.  We have no power to undo, reverse, or restore any transactions.
You are solely responsible for keeping your Algorand wallet private key confidential and secure. 
An Algomats NFT identifies the Algomats NFT with which it is associated through a pointer to IPFS. We are not responsible for any IPFS outages or service disruptions. The NFTs are for entertainment purposes only and may not have any resale value on any marketplace. We are not liable for any loss incurred by you in connection with any transaction that takes place on Secondary Marketplaces or on any other third-party sites or services. We have no control over secondary marketplaces platforms or related services.
We do not provide refunds for any purchases that you might make on or through the Platform.
We are not responsible for any of your taxes or reporting. 
Your purchase of a Algomats NFT means you have ownership rights in the Algomats NFT.  However, your purchase of the Algomats NFT does not provide any rights in any copyrights or other intellectual property rights in or to the Algomats IP other than a limited license to use, copy, view, and display such Algo Mat, and a limited license to view and display any associated Digital Content. The trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos, including ALGOMATS, and any third-party marks used and displayed through the Services are trademarks of Algomats.
By purchasing, holding and using a Algomats NFT, you expressly acknowledge and assume all risks including, but not limited to: forgotten passwords; inability to access your Algorand wallet for any reason; mistyped addresses, errors in the minting of the Algomats NFTs; errors in the Algomats NFTs; errors in our Platform or Services; inability to access or transfer a Algomats NFT; inability to use, access, copy, or display the Algo Mat or any Digital Content; blockchain malfunctions or other technical errors; server failure or data loss; telecommunications failures; unfavorable regulatory determinations or actions (including with respect to NFTs or cryptocurrencies); taxation of NFTs or cryptocurrencies; unanticipated risks; cybersecurity attacks; weaknesses in Algomats security or hosting, or other unforeseen risks. In no event will there be any refunds. You run the risk of your NFT becoming broken or inaccessible. 
We are not responsible if your Algo Mat or any Digital Content becomes inaccessible to you for any reason, or for any modifications or changes to your Algo Mat or any Digital Content including any deletion, removal, or inaccessibility on our Platform or otherwise.  You acknowledge that the Algo Mat graphical image can be copied and distributed and that we cannot guarantee that additional copies of the Algo Mat associated with your Algomats NFT will not be created by others. You also acknowledge and agree that we or any third party on our behalf could make additional copies of, and distribute, the Algo Mat associated with your Algomats NFT, and could sell or otherwise assign the copyright or other intellectual property rights or economic rights in such Algo Mat.
You also acknowledge and agree that: Your NFT’s sole purpose is for entertainment. 
Your Algomats NFTs exist only by virtue of the ownership record maintained on the Algorand blockchain. Any transfer of Algomats NFTs occurs within the Algorand blockchain and not on the Service or Platform.  Upgrades to the Algorand blockchain, changes to the IPFS hosts, or other service outages may have unintended, adverse effects on your NFTs.
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid, unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Thank you for your interest in Algomats. If you have any questions regarding these Terms, please contact us by email at algomats@gmail.com.
